If I don't go up, will someone help you up?
I said you can't
It's you who don't listen and have to go up
Hey, Mr. Shen
It's all up to you
The promised pay will be doubled when it is done
No, nothing else.
Mr. Li, please think again.
Brother, just like him
How can it represent our home?
That's ridiculous.
You are brave, little boy
Is there really no one in the middle and lower levels?
I need you to come forward
Not even a complete demon
Your bloodline is among us
We all call it
Bastard, so you deserve to break in front of me
How could this kid know my identity as a police officer?
Does he really know how to thank you?
What the hell did you say?
Nothing.
Come quickly
I'll take the herbs back after the fight
Brother, look at why he is just afraid
Even more breath
Should I be direct later?
Give up if you don't fight, shut up
Mr. Shen has his own way
Look at this